hello everyone how are you good at
this video I am going to leave you a series of
photos now I'm going to talk a little but
almost nothing this video is basically for
leave you a series of photos of how it was
evolving my pink tips according to the
washed as it is a fantasy dye and
little by little it is going away with the washings
so I think it's interesting to know
more or less how long is going how
degrading that color and how it's going
remaining valid then that I'm going to
leave photos from the first day that I
apply it until the second the third and
so different washes so you can see
how is that color degraded and how is it going
losing ok I think it's a video
quite interesting because the first
day that for example today I finished it
of throwing again the first day is very
nice and very striking but then it goes
losing tone and it is important to know
because not everything is the beauty of the first
day so that's why I leave the video with
the photos and you tell me about here
Under what do you think and that and those things
well this is the degradation of
beige color that not only everything
it shines and is not always like the first
day but I like it so I would
I put it back and there is no problem
also tell you that there are other colors
that degrade to uglier shades by
example if you will take the tips
blue for example I would degrade a tone
greenish blue then green then green
mucus like that then yellowish vale
it would be a degraded a little bit uglier
ok this is degrading to pink lighter
and after all within what fits
it's not going to be so bad but there are
other colors that degrade colors
ugly and colors so difficult to
carry so nothing whenever you want
make you a fantasy dye always have
consider this that is going to degrade and
they need continuous applications and
nothing that I hope you have found
interesting the video and see you in the
following